Script and useScript (#2194)
Shopify/hydrogen: docs/components/primitive/script.md

{% codeblock file, filename: 'App.server.jsx' %}
```tsx
import {Script} from '@shopify/hydrogen';

export default function App() {
  return (
    <>
      //...
      <Script src="https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js" />
    </>
  )
}
```
{% endcodeblock %}

## Props

You can customize the behavior of the component with the following props

| Name           | Type                                             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `target`           | <code>"head" \| "body" (default)</code>      | The target DOM element where the script should be inserted. This feature is only available to non-inline loading strategies such as "afterHydration", "inWorker" and "onIdle"  |

> | `id`            | <code>string (required)</code>                              | A unique identifier for the script. The id will be used as the key of the script. |

Reviewer: If `id` is required, shouldn't it be in the above example?

| `children` | <code>string \| string[]</code> | Any valid javascript code |
| `load`          | <code>"beforeHydration" \| "afterHydration" (default) \| "inWorker" \| "onIdle"</code>| The loading strategy. See Loading strategies for more info. |
| `reload`         | <code>boolean (default false)</code> | Scripts rendered with this option will be reloaded after every page navigation (if available on the next route). This option is only available in "afterHydration" and "onIdle" loading strategies. |
| `onLoad`       | <code>(script) => void</code> | A callback that fires when a script is loaded. This callback is only available in "afterHydration" and "onIdle" loading strategies |
| `onReady`         | <code>(script) => void</code> | A callback that fires when a script is successfully loaded and run. This callback is only available in "afterHydration" and "onIdle" loading strategies  |
| `onError`         | <code>(script) => void</code> | A callback that fires when a script fail to load. This callback is only available in "afterHydration" and "onIdle" loading strategies |

## Loading strategies

### `beforeHydration`

> These scripts are inlined and hence considered render-blocking. This strategy is mainly recommended for scripts aiming to set global `window` properties, configurations or event listeners. These scripts can only be included in `App.server.tsx`. This ensures that they are run on any initial route.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scripts using the `beforeHydration` strategy are inlined and render-blocking. This strategy is only recommended for scripts that set global `window` properties, configurations or event listeners. These scripts can only be included in `App.server.tsx`, which ensures they are run on any initial route.
```

{% codeblock file, filename: 'App.server.jsx' %}
```jsx
/* App.server.tsx */
import {Script} from '@shopify/hydrogen';

export default function App() {
  return (
    <>
      // via dangerouslySetInnerHTML
      <Script
        id="bh-dangerously"
        load="beforeHydration"
        dangerouslySetInnerHTML={{
          __html: `
            window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
          `,
        }}
      />

      // or via children prop
      <Script id="bh-children" load="beforeHydration">
        {`window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];`}
      </Script>

      // or via src — not recommended as this would block the main thread.
      // use afterHydration or onIdle instead to improve performance
      <Script
        id="bh-src"
        load="beforeHydration"
        src="//example.com/script.js"
      />
    </>
  )
}
```
{% endcodeblock %}

### `afterHydration`

> These scripts are loaded, injected and run after react has finished hydrating on the client (via a useEffect). In addition, these scripts include additional props to further customize their behavior `target`, `reload`, `onLoad`, `onReady` and `onError` callbacks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scripts using the `afterHydration` strategy are loaded, injected and run after React has finished hydrating on the client (via a `useEffect`). In addition, these scripts accept props to further customize the behavior of the `target`, `reload`, `onLoad`, `onReady` and `onError` callbacks.
```

{% codeblock file, filename: 'Component.client.jsx' %}
```jsx
import {Script} from '@shopify/hydrogen';

function Component() {
  return (
    <>
      // with children
      <Script
        id="oi-children-reload"
        load="afterHydration"

>         reload={true}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        reload
```

Make this change for all of these I think.

      >
        {`console.log('Loaded after hydration!. Will re-execute if navigating to another route that also renders <Component />.`}
      </Script>

      // with a src
      <Script
        id="oi-src"
        load="afterHydration"
        src="//example.com/script.js"
      />

>       // with a src and with reload

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      // with a src and reload
```

      <Script
        id="oi-src-reload"
        src="//example.com/script.js"
        load="afterHydration"

>         reload={true}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        reload
```
